<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="task_ihq_243_qx">
    <title>Fresh Strawberry Ice Cream</title>
    <shortdesc>Although there's classics like the regular vanilla ice cream, it is always great to
        change things up a bit and add a little extra flavor into the mix. The fresh strawberry ice
        cream recipe can add that flavor for you. </shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>The following information shows the materials needed to make the recipe and the
            steps necessary to create fresh strawberry ice cream using the ice cream machine. <p>
                <ul>
                    <li>1 ½ cups fresh strawberries</li>
                    <li>¾ cup whole milk</li>
                    <li>2/3 cup granulated sugar </li>
                    <li>Pinch kosher salt</li>
                    <li>1 ½ cups heavy cream</li>
                    <li>1 ½ teaspoons pure vanilla extract</li>
                </ul>
            </p></context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Using a food processor fitted with a chopping blade, chop the strawberries
                    until rough or finely chopped. The preference is yours.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Grab the mixing bowl and add the sugar.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Add the milk, sugar, salt, and whisk until the sugar is dissolved.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Add in the heavy cream and vanilla then continue mixing.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Add in the strawberries with the juies included.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>After you finish mixing all of the ingridients, cover the bowl with plastic
                    wrap, and refrigerate the mixture for at least 2 hours. </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>After the mixture has been refrigerated for 2 hours take it out and mix it
                    again. Press the start/stop button on the machine.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Pour the mixture through the spout and continue mixing until the mix has
                    thickened. </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Transfer mixture into airtight container and place in freezer for 2 hours and
                    remove from the freezer 15 minutes before serving.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
