<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="task_irv_yrh_qx">
    <title>Making Desserts</title>
    <shortdesc>A quick note before you begin. When filling the freezer bowl, make sure you don't
        fill it any higher than a half inch from the top. It is best if you prepare the ingredients
        in a separate bowl then pour the mixture into the ingredient spout. (This bowl can be found
        inside the kitchen.)</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>The following steps explain how to make a dessert using the ice cream
            machine.</context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Find the freezer bowl in the frezzer in room 380 and take it to room 370. Make
                    sure you begin immediately as the freezer bowl will immediately begin
                    defrosting. </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Set the freezer bowl in the base of the ice cream machine and place the arm in
                    the frezzer bowl. The arm just rests in the bowl. Make sure the circle side is
                    facing up. </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Place the lid over the base making sure that it is oriented to the right of the
                    center.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Turn the lid clockwise to lock. </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>The machine can make ice cream, Gelato or Sorbet, but you are only interested
                    in the ice cream function. Select the ice cream function. A beep sound will be
                    heard when the machine is ready. </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Select the start/stop button on the control panel located on the front of the
                    base and the freezer bowl will start turning.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Pour the ingredients that you mixed in a separate bowl through the ingredient
                    spout. Frozen dessert take about 15 to 40 minutes to complete.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>When the dessert is done it will beep for 5 seconds every 3 minutes. You should
                    note that the final consistency of the dessert will depend on room temperature,
                    bowl temperature, the temperature of the ingredients and other variables. </cmd>
                           </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
