<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="task_s33_gl3_qx">
    <title>Simple Vanilla Ice Cream</title>
    <shortdesc>Everybody loves the classic vanilla flavored ice cream. This is a simple reciepe to
        follow and can be made in around 2 hours. </shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>The following information shows the materials needed to make this recipe and the
            steps necessary to create vanilla ice cream using the ice cream machine. <p>
                <ul>
                    <li>1 ½ cups whole milk</li>
                    <li>1 cup plus 2 tablespoons granulated sugar</li>
                    <li>Pinch kosher salt </li>
                    <li>3 cups heavy cream</li>
                    <li>1 ½  tablespoons pure vanilla extract</li>
                </ul>
            </p></context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Grab the mixing bowl and add the sugar</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Add the milk, sugar, salt, and mix until the sugar is dissolved.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Add in the heavy cream and vanilla then continue mixing.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>After you finish mixing all of the ingriedents cover the bowl with plastic wrap
                    refrigerate the mixture for at least 2 hours.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>After the mixture has been refrigerated for 2 hours take it out and press the
                    start/stop button on the machine.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Pour the mixture through the spout and continue mixing until the mix has
                    thickened. </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Transfer the mixture into a airtight container and place in freezer for 2 hours
                    and remove from the freezer 15 minutes before serving.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
